# CSharp-Programs
Here, you'll find some of the basic programs written in C#.
1. GuessingGameUsingWhileLoop - In this program, I made a small and easy game to guess a word. In this particular sample, you have 5 tries to guess a secret word (hence the variable 'secretWord'). The word in this sample is 'csharp'. If you guess it correctly, a text "You Win!" gets displayed. If you aren't able to guess the word in 5 tries, a message "You Lose! (Out of guesses)" gets displayed(Used an if-else for this).
2. CalcUsingIf - In this program, we take 3 inputs from user, 2 integers and a string for the operator. Converted the integer variables to double. And then started an if-else case for different operators. **Keep in mind that you can only solve for 2 numbers with this program.**
3. DayOfWeekUsingSwitch - In this program, we use a switch statement to find out the name of the day by inserting the number of the day in the week. First, I created a string method named 'GetDay'. **Since we are not using a 'void' datatype, we will need to write the return statement in the end**. After declaring initial variables, we start the Switch statement, taking 'dayNum' variable in the parentheses, now we make all the cases 0-6. If, in-case, the user gives in the wrong input, we give a 'Default" case which will come into action if all the cases are false. Now, to take the output of this method, we go back to the main method, and call the method 'GetDay' and pass a value from 0-6 along with it for the compiler to read.
